DNS RESTful API             
========      

# API
The API gives access to the progress information for SIPs previously submitted to the DNS. Various kinds of SIP-Identification can be used to get the appropriate information.

## Service URL
Contractors *must* use the Service URL of their associated Service Provider. Secure HTTP (https) is supported exclusively. Redirect from http to https depends on the Providers facilities. 

## Login
Cntractors must authenticate with BASIC AUTH. Credentials are same as contractor's.

[https://server/daweb3/](https://Server/daweb3/)

# Services

## Service "status/index"
* Service request: [/status/index](https://server/daweb3/status/index)
* Request method: GET
* Parameters:
    * identifier: the DNS internal identifier,
    * origName: the name of the object was submitted to the DNS,
    * urn: the urn generated by DNS,
    * containerName: the name of the SIP container orgininally submitted to the DNS
* Returns: JSON
* according to RFC-2616 all characters with special function in URL have to be encoded. 

The original name should be the name, the item is listed in your own domain, while the other identifiers (identifier and urn) are build during the ingest process (ore being sent by SIP). Container name correlates with the name of the file submitted.

### Description
Service returns information about the actual state of a SIP delivered to the DNS System. The SIP in request must be identified by one of the above defined parameters. It can be identified either with the DNS internal *identifier*, with the filename of the SIP as it was submitted originally into the system (*origName*) or the *urn* generated by DNS (or already being sent by SIP). In case of sending Deltas to objects (and to determine their respective states during processing), *containerName* or *urn* should be used, while the *origName* of objects is not changed anymore. 

The JSON returned includes all types of information about the SIP submitted or the AIP being stored. 

* DNS specific process status: 
    * archived if AIP was successfully processed, 
    * "package in progress error" if DNS is unable to process SIP. The DNS internal status code is added as embraced number 
* all identifiers supported and/or generated by DNS
* Contractors identification

### Example-Request

    curl -v -H "Accept: application/json" X GET -u username --url "https://server/daweb3/status/index?urn=urn%3Anbn%3Ade%3Ahbz%3A6%3A1-31323"

### Example Response    

    {"result":
    [{"type":"Object","status":"archived","urn":"urn:nbn:de:hbz:6:1-31323","contractor":"hbzadmin","origName":"06-Apr-2016-T-15-10-01-urn+nbn+de+hbz+6+1-31323","identifier":"8-2016040610214","packages":["06-Apr-2016-T-15-10-01-urn+nbn+de+hbz+6+1-31323.zip"]}
    ]}

## Service "automatedRetrieval/queueForRetrievalJSON"

Retrieval requests by external systems can be issued by POST requests to an RESTful interface which is available at the URL 
* Service request: [/automatedRetrieval/queueForRetrievalJSON](https://server/daweb3/automatedRetrieval/queueForRetrievalJSON)
* Request method: POST
* Parameters:
    * identifier: the DNS internal identifier,
    * origName: the name of the object was submitted to the DNS,
    * urn: the urn generated by DNS
* Returns: JSON
* according to RFC-2616 all characters with special function in URL have to be encoded. 

The JSON POST Data must at least contain one of the following fields: urn, identifier, origName.

### Example-Request

    curl -v -H "Accept: application/json" X POST -u username --url "https://server/daweb3/status/index?urn=urn%3Anbn%3Ade%3Ahbz%3A6%3A1-31323"

### Example Response    

The request should create a retrieval job. The response is: 

    {"success":"true"}
    
Otherwise 

    {"success":"false"}

The response indicates the creation of retrieval request only. It does *not* indicate sucessfully retrieved DIP.   
    
# Version

# Revision
* No changes to previous version  
